Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The clock's Race, 100!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Which is new, generic!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: July!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Guys! Stay ahead!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Every heatstroke!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I feel safe!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I didn't know what?
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You're doing that!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: After the ride!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shine bright enough, I'll stay ahead
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Outskill the rest! Give it your own!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Give it your back!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Underneath the glow of a thousand dreams You're reaching higher, bursting at the seas A spark ignites!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: It's more than just a star.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Two weeks, a hundred hours.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: in your heart.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: And every step… Every truck… Is a ladder to the sky.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shut it!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In the quiet hour When the world's asleep Building bridges wide.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You're divin' deep.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: in your…
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The future's here, you're shaping today
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shiny weather!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Jennifer!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Every key…
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Every plan, you're building dreams with your own hands. The universe bends to your light. You're writing the story, you're changing the
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Shining!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The clock ticks loud, the race begins.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: A hundred hours to break with it. If you're just calling, don't look
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: AI's the train, stay on its train!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Feet on the moon.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The universe shifts when…
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Outskill!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I've given… Any of your bed!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Upskill the rain.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: 14 days to change the tide.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Release the spark you hold inside.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Generative waves, you'll learn to ride.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The galaxy where you're skiing!
Abhirath Batra: Hello, everybody.
Abhirath Batra: How's everyone doing?
Abhirath Batra: I hope everyone's good.
Abhirath Batra: We have, exciting topic, and a slightly dense session today.
Abhirath Batra: So, I'm going to dive right in.
Abhirath Batra: And… What we're gonna do today is…
Abhirath Batra: We're gonna keep the questions all towards the end, because otherwise we're going to spill over time. And,
Abhirath Batra: I would love it if you guys can react through the emojis, so that I can get a thumbs up here and there, just to be sure that everybody's on the same page.
Abhirath Batra: And… Yeah, let's get started.
Abhirath Batra: So…
Abhirath Batra: Today's topic, officially is Claude Code Team of Agents, but I think I'd like to start where we left off, last evening. And yesterday, we basically just looked at how to use the Cloud Agent SDK to write an agent. We created a master agent.
Abhirath Batra: And it had these two sub-agents.
Abhirath Batra: And we were, you know, talking to it with a command line interface, and it was an underwhelming demo, I think.
Abhirath Batra: And a lot of people wanted to know, hey, how do we take this to production? How does it look if you want to build these agents, use them on the web, sell it to others, and things like that? So, that's kind of where we've,
Abhirath Batra: taken it. So, this is what I built today. This is the same agent that, agent setup that we had yesterday, except now it's a website. You can sign up to it, log into it, and after logging in, each,
Abhirath Batra: Each user can set up their own connectors.
Abhirath Batra: And they can come out here and chat with the same way,
Abhirath Batra: What's up with our, customer, inquiries?
Abhirath Batra: And it'll do the same thing. It'll talk to the API and to the Anthropic API, talk to Asana API, do all those things that we asked it to do yesterday, the things that we saw it doing yesterday, and respond to us.
Abhirath Batra: So…
Abhirath Batra: We had a lot of popular demand for this towards the end of yesterday's session, so my question is, are we excited to, build something like this, so that we can do whatever, like, build it for ourselves, to sell it, however we like?
Abhirath Batra: Is this what we're… Excited for?
Abhirath Batra: I'm glad.
Abhirath Batra: So, unlike the agent, yeah, here you go. It did the exact same thing our sub-agent did yesterday. It…
Abhirath Batra: operated on those tickets. There were 4 new tickets, 2 have been moved to progress.
Abhirath Batra: This doesn't look, you know, look the most perfect, because we have not decided which direction we want the UX to be, but right now, I went for the chat UX to replace the command line UX we had yesterday, and this is what it looks like. So now, it's a product. You could sign out and, you know, sign up.
Abhirath Batra: afresh, and do all these things. So today.
Abhirath Batra: We are going to build this together.
Abhirath Batra: And the way we're going to do it is, we're going to build it using
Abhirath Batra: the Claude Code team of agents.
Abhirath Batra: So, we've seen Claude Code multiple times so far, right? We've seen Claude Code…
Abhirath Batra: just as it is, right? As it is.
Abhirath Batra: we've… seen it.
Abhirath Batra: We've used it with the Cloud Agent SDK yesterday.
Abhirath Batra: we even made some agents within Cloud Code, right? So we've used it in these different ways. And, the great thing is that,
Abhirath Batra: Cloud Code, in fact, has another experimental… experimental way… experimental as of today, you know, it's going to,
Abhirath Batra: It's going… the way it's being used, it's definitely going to become a full-fledged feature, but it's called team of agents.
Abhirath Batra: And team of agents is a fundamentally different way of doing things, right? And the difference is this.
Abhirath Batra: One second, let's move this aside.
Abhirath Batra: So, right now, the setup we created yesterday was that we had an agent, we had a sub-agent.
Abhirath Batra: We had another sub-agent.
Abhirath Batra: And these sub-agents had their own narrow tasks.
Abhirath Batra: Right? They may have their own skills.
Abhirath Batra: And they only talk to the master agent.
Abhirath Batra: Right? This is the two-way communication.
Abhirath Batra: They may, they may be invoked by the master agent based on what the user asks for.
Abhirath Batra: It could be an automated ask, but the point is that they are being orchestrated
Abhirath Batra: One at a time by some harness, and in this case, it's the master agent.
Abhirath Batra: And so the alternative that, Cloud Code has started to offer is Teams. And these teams look, you know, completely,
Abhirath Batra: Different, and what they do is… you have…
Abhirath Batra: Complete personas of agents.
Abhirath Batra: So there's 1, 2, and 3, and they run in parallel.
Abhirath Batra: So, which means that There is no master orchestrating them in the sense that it first chooses
Abhirath Batra: to take one task and give it to one sub-agent, and then waits for it, and then once that task is done, it takes another decision, and so on and so forth. Instead, what it does is it
Abhirath Batra: creates… Tasks for all of these.
Abhirath Batra: And just lets them loose.
Abhirath Batra: In parallel, to work simultaneously.
Abhirath Batra: Now, why… how do these two things connect? Let's start with that.
Abhirath Batra: So… Let me ask the first question.
Abhirath Batra: Yesterday, we really wanted to take our sub-agents, or sorry, our agent setup.
Abhirath Batra: to production. So what does it take to take such a thing to production? Like, from this command line demo to production? And the answer to that is…
Abhirath Batra: Our starting point was just a loop, right? It was a master agent deciding what to do.
Abhirath Batra: To make this product usable by hundreds of people, you turn that loop into a web service. That's what we've done here, essentially, right?
Abhirath Batra: And, we have to have 3 very important guarantees here.
Abhirath Batra: One is… Who is the user?
Abhirath Batra: This is an important thing to know, because when we build an agent just for ourselves.
Abhirath Batra: We are the user, we just give our Asana keys, our API keys, we give our connectors, and things like that.
Abhirath Batra: But if hundreds of people are going to use it, they cannot be using the same Asana logins, right? They will have their own logins. They will, have their, you know, own project types. They may not have the same type of project that we are doing. So,
Abhirath Batra: we… and within their setup, they may also have different types of users. So, for example, in an organization, there may be some users who have access to some projects on some platform, and
Abhirath Batra: You know, they should only have access to some agents on our platform, and things like that.
Abhirath Batra: For example, the VP of Marketing should probably have access to finance agent, which tells you how much money or budget we have left for a particular campaign, whereas a junior marketing associate may not need to look at the budget, they may just need to know what their task is.
Abhirath Batra: Right, so who is a user asks the question, who… Oh…
Abhirath Batra: Are you who you say you are?
Abhirath Batra: And this question is obviously answered typically by passwords.
Abhirath Batra: and other things, right? You click on a link on your email to tell the service that you are who you say you are. That's one part of it.
Abhirath Batra: The second part of it is, what… Are you authorized to do?
Abhirath Batra: on this Zoom call, The hosts are authorized to share screen, kick people out, admit them to the meeting.
Abhirath Batra: And there's people who are listening who are authorized to listen, but to sit in. And then there's other people who are not even authorized to attend this Zoom session, right? So, these are the two things that who is the user aspect of productionizing will answer.
Abhirath Batra: The second thing is, what is their state?
Abhirath Batra: Before that, who is the user? Is this aspect of going to production clear?
Abhirath Batra: Is everybody with me?
Abhirath Batra: Can I get a thumbs up?
Abhirath Batra: All the emojis. Oh, okay.
Abhirath Batra: Sure, cool. So, what is their state?
Abhirath Batra: State is just a user-safe context. Their conversations, their past answers, what the agent already did.
Abhirath Batra: what tool is used, and any settings or limits. So instead of keeping that in one computer's memory, which would disappear or break, we store it in a shared database, so that it's always there when they come back from any device. So, this is basically all your configs.
Abhirath Batra: All your, personal, let's say, you know, instructions, custom instructions.
Abhirath Batra: Whether you like dark mode or light mode.
Abhirath Batra: on the website. All these things are going to be part of the user's state.
Abhirath Batra: Right?
Abhirath Batra: And third question is, for production is… How does this… run on.
Abhirath Batra: scale.
Abhirath Batra: So when many people use the agent at once, we can't have everything running in one place, right? We put work into an organized, sort of task queue.
Abhirath Batra: And, we ask… a controller would probably want to ask the agents to run with specific time limits. It should have the capability to retry some safety checks, and then route the responses at the correct place.
Abhirath Batra: So that the system stays responsive and predictable.
Abhirath Batra: This part, I understand, is a little…
Abhirath Batra: I would say vague to understand without knowing what breaks at scale. So, for example, if I were to just set up this machine, my laptop, and run an agent here, the way things would fail
Abhirath Batra: By just running an agent on this and letting other people access it, would be, oh, the performance degrades, oh, it messes up, context.
Abhirath Batra: But, it could be more complicated things like race conditions, that an agent tried to modify one thing, and then while this agent was modifying one thing, the other agent came and tried to modify the same thing, and so you don't have guarantees on what is the current state of this object. These kind of things can happen at scale, and we will hit them as we get there.
Abhirath Batra: So, because we need to answer these three questions, who is the user, what is the state, and how does this run on scale, the simplest thing to do is ask.
Abhirath Batra: What tooling can we use to do all of this?
Abhirath Batra: And, right now, I'm just going to list the tools that we're going to be using, in today's session, and then,
Abhirath Batra: while we start building today's system, we will, dive deeper into what those tools are and how they help us. And I'm sure some of you may have looked at a bunch of these tools here and there, but…
Abhirath Batra: We'll still go through all of them so that we can also get a picture of how it comes together.
Abhirath Batra: So, we're going to, you know, continue using the Claude Agent SDK.
Abhirath Batra: To build our thing.
Abhirath Batra: Because we found that using the agents that have Claude's brain is the best so far.
Abhirath Batra: Then, because we decided to make a web interface, We're going to have… a backend?
Abhirath Batra: And a front end.
Abhirath Batra: And… correct me if I'm wrong, we've already covered that in a previous session, right?
Abhirath Batra: Back-end and front-end, what they are.
Abhirath Batra: Yes, nope?
Abhirath Batra: Yes? Okay, cool, good to know. So given that we've already covered what back-end and front-end are, I'll move on from that, but what, frameworks and what technology and what tools we're going to use for backend and frontend are?
Abhirath Batra: For backend, we are choosing to use the language Python.
Abhirath Batra: And there is a framework called FastAPI.
Abhirath Batra: I'm not sure if everybody's familiar, but right now, let's just take it on face value, Python and FastAPI.
Abhirath Batra: And for front-end, we are going to use Next.js.
Abhirath Batra: So this is a JavaScript-based framework, this is a Python-based framework. Python doesn't work for front-ends, but FastAPI particularly is excellent for backends.
Abhirath Batra: Some people like to make backends in JavaScript, that's just not my personal preference. And also, the Cloud Agent SDK currently only supports,
Abhirath Batra: Python?
Abhirath Batra: and a language adjacent to JavaScript called TypeScript.
Abhirath Batra: And I don't like TypeScript much, so we're going for Python today.
Abhirath Batra: Right, so these are our two primary tools for the web interface.
Abhirath Batra: N.
Abhirath Batra: The third thing we're going for is… to handle…
Abhirath Batra: The question of who is the user, which is authentication.
Abhirath Batra: Authorization, and it's, you know, authentication and authorization together can be clubbed in called auth.
Abhirath Batra: And overall data management.
Abhirath Batra: We're going to use.
Abhirath Batra: Supervis.
Abhirath Batra: Nikita can share, reference document for today's class, which,
Abhirath Batra: contains all these tools and links to their websites, so everybody can look these up. For now, just follow along, and these tools will make more sense overall. The good thing is, because we are using AI, we…
Abhirath Batra: can get away with not knowing the nitty-gritties of what these are. Like, you don't need to really know, at least right now, that Superbase is a Postgres database. How is Postgres different from MongoDB? We don't need to know all of that right now. We can get away with not knowing all of this, because AI will do everything for us.
Abhirath Batra: Right.
Abhirath Batra: So…
Abhirath Batra: Now we've decided to use this team of agents and to do this task, and now that we've decided what technologies and tools we're going to use, so what does the team of agent setup really look like?
Abhirath Batra: It basically looks like this.
Abhirath Batra: Ugh.
Abhirath Batra: I do not like this very much. Anyway, so we basically just tell Claude Code A couple of things.
Abhirath Batra: First thing, Turn on the experimental feature.
Abhirath Batra: Next, use Teams.
Abhirath Batra: And what it'll do is, essentially, because this task is an engineering task, we will tell it that it makes sense to have one parallel agent, which is a backend engineer.
Abhirath Batra: One parallel agent that's a front-end engineer.
Abhirath Batra: And one parallel agent, which is a database handler.
Abhirath Batra: And… What this'll allow Cloud Code to do is spin all these three in parallel and work on them.
Abhirath Batra: And…
Abhirath Batra: I think the best thing to do right now is just dive deep and have a look at how it's done.
Abhirath Batra: Let me just… Pull up the setup.
Abhirath Batra: So, because we are going into the engineering aspect of things, I wanted to show you, this is how my terminals look right now, because they're running the demo that I've already created.
Abhirath Batra: And so what I'm going to do right now is, I'm going to shut down the server.
Abhirath Batra: Both the front-end and the backend server.
Abhirath Batra: I'm going to go back into our repository from yesterday. I'm going to just… Remove all of this.
Abhirath Batra: By going back to yesterday's setup.
Abhirath Batra: We are back to where we were yesterday. If you remember, we had agents, artifacts, playbooks.
Abhirath Batra: some front-end and back-end stuff is here, I could probably… clean it.
Abhirath Batra: And we will delete all of that, and start from scratch.
Abhirath Batra: While we do that, Why even while it deletes all of that. The thing to… The way to enable
Abhirath Batra: this experimental feature for teams of agencies, you have to write this command called export claud code experimental agents, team equals to 1.
Abhirath Batra: I'll just drop that in the chat.
Abhirath Batra: Another way of doing it, which, is more permanent, is that you can go to the
Abhirath Batra: Settings file?
Abhirath Batra: And type this here.
Abhirath Batra: Claude Experimental Agents team equals 1, and you can remove export here, that is just for if you're typing that as a command.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: It needs to be… In a JSON format.
Abhirath Batra: Actually, let me just…
Abhirath Batra: It's probably a… spelling error somewhere. Anyway, so we have Claude code.
Abhirath Batra: enabled with multiple team agents. But we want to go a step further, and because we are building something
Abhirath Batra: very production-ready. We're going to use a particular plugin, which is called…
Abhirath Batra: What's it called again? I keep forgetting its name.
Abhirath Batra: One second.
Abhirath Batra: Compound Engineering, I'm so sorry. It's a very strange name that I keep forgetting.
Abhirath Batra: And the way to add compound engineering is that you have to It's not a standardized plugin.
Abhirath Batra: So you have to go to the… GitHub page.
Abhirath Batra: And add it from the plugin marketplace.
Abhirath Batra: There's this command here. This link is again shared in the class reference.
Abhirath Batra: It adds that.
Abhirath Batra: And from that marketplace, you can install the Compound Engineering plugin. Once it is done, Should show here…
Abhirath Batra: Or is it already installed now?
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: So…
Abhirath Batra: I'm not sure what's happening.
Abhirath Batra: Cloud Code seems tired after I used it the whole day.
Abhirath Batra: To create this demo, seemingly.
Abhirath Batra: Huh.
Abhirath Batra: If it's already installed, then… I feel like it.
Abhirath Batra: Needs to be restarted.
Abhirath Batra: It's already installed, yeah.
Abhirath Batra: Give me a second.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, beautiful.
Abhirath Batra: Facing this very strange thing, Where it's refusal.
Abhirath Batra: Work with that plugin.
Abhirath Batra: I love it when this happens in a live class.
Abhirath Batra: Not the rest of the day.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, I'm just gonna… Start afresh.
Abhirath Batra: I'm going to just use AI to fix this problem. I'm just talking to Claude.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: Shows installed…
Abhirath Batra: What I'm gonna do is, I'm going to delete it from my plot code installation, and reinstall it. That's probably going to help.
Abhirath Batra: So, let's go to historical again.
Abhirath Batra: Whoa.
Abhirath Batra: What a problem to have today.
Abhirath Batra: Alright.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see…
Abhirath Batra: The gods are smiled upon me. It has worked. Okay.
Abhirath Batra: let's bring everybody back. Sorry for the interruption, but Claude just was in a bad mood. So I basically just had to uninstall it and reinstall it, and it works now. So…
Abhirath Batra: coming back.
Abhirath Batra: Compound Engineering is a very excellent plugin, which I think, I was told that people have probably used it before as well, but if you have not, the idea is that it is full of a lot of excellent skills, that allow it to do production-grade engineering. So.
Abhirath Batra: the way to access that scale is with a backslash saying workflows, and as you can see, it has these bunch of different commands, like plan, work, review, and brainstorm. I like to use plan a lot, because I think
Abhirath Batra: It does an excellent job of,
Abhirath Batra: doing a lot of research. So, we're going to start with the plan command, and I have a prompt ready, which, again, has been shared in the, material, class reference material, and
Abhirath Batra: In that prompt, what we're trying to say is.
Abhirath Batra: Give it this exact thing, that in this repo, we have a…
Abhirath Batra: I think we should just type it out so that everybody can see it, but in this repo, we have a simple agent and sub-agent system to operate as a
Abhirath Batra: I think every time Zoom has something to say, it takes my cursor away. Agent system…
Abhirath Batra: To operate as a customer service and content marketing.
Abhirath Batra: Agents for a company.
Abhirath Batra: However, we want to turn…
Abhirath Batra: that into a product that hundreds of users will use. That means users will be able to talk to the master agent, set up authentication keys to their own
Abhirath Batra: Asana project.
Abhirath Batra: among other… sorry… other connectors?
Abhirath Batra: And use those.
Abhirath Batra: Sub-agents to get their job done.
Abhirath Batra: Come up with an engineering plan that will be used by a team of Claude Code agents to implement
Abhirath Batra: this end tool.
Abhirath Batra: And… break.
Abhirath Batra: Down the plan into phases that are self-sufficient.
Abhirath Batra: We have a few preferences that we already decided. Superbase for auth and DB.
Abhirath Batra: NextG is for front-end.
Abhirath Batra: and FastAPI and Python for backend.
Abhirath Batra: As usual, we'll say, ask any questions you want to clarify Intent before starting.
Abhirath Batra: For this task, and all tasks.
Abhirath Batra: That follow, write down primary artifacts, in this folder.
Abhirath Batra: and log your actions in a log file. The logging thing really, really helps with, debugging when an agent decides to do things that it does not really explain, and you can't really scroll up and down on the cloud code system. So,
Abhirath Batra: logging is pretty useful. And I'll give it an example. For example, For this planning task.
Abhirath Batra: Write down the plan in a documentation folder.
Abhirath Batra: Now, normally, like, the CloudMD file that we used yesterday, we did, we wrote a very detailed prompt with… gave it a lot of architecture and whatnot. But here, we don't have to do that, because the skills around engineering are already baked into the, Compound Engineering plugin.
Abhirath Batra: So by using the plugin, by calling it with workflows colon plan, we are avoiding a lot of work, because we can expect that this is an agent that knows how to do this job well. So we'll just get it started.
Abhirath Batra: And… Wait for it to do its thing.
Abhirath Batra: And the good thing that it'll do is it'll ask really interesting questions.
Abhirath Batra: Now, one small thing on the side is.
Abhirath Batra: A lot of people and a lot of tutorials that you may see online.
Abhirath Batra: We'll use this particular flag for…
Abhirath Batra: cloud code called Dangerously Skip Permissions.
Abhirath Batra: a lot of tutorials and a lot of folks talking on LinkedIn and Twitter tend to use this flag when they invoke Claude code. And what that does is.
Abhirath Batra: that we'll… we'll get super annoyed with Cloud Code soon, because it'll ask permissions to do all sorts of things as we continue on this, continue through this thing.
Abhirath Batra: And dangerously skip permissions essentially bypasses all those permissions.
Abhirath Batra: And that can be very risky if you have given it full control over a folder which contains important stuff.
Abhirath Batra: The good thing is it might not go outside that folder. There is a small chance it might, with the right kind of malicious prompts, but most likely it won't.
Abhirath Batra: But within that folder, if you're running… if it already contains your production code.
Abhirath Batra: You do run a risk of things going a little haywire.
Abhirath Batra: So, even though people may recommend using that so that you get the two-agentic experience, that you can just, you know, set it to work on your laptop, walk away, make your coffee, come back, and 30 minutes later, things are done. But, I prefer not to do that personally. I prefer to see what it's doing.
Abhirath Batra: And just be sure that it's not doing something stupid. That'll burn my hands later.
Abhirath Batra: Alright, so here are the questions. So, should the user be able to customize which sub-agents they use and create their own playbooks, SOPs, or will it be a fixed set of agents, customer support and marketing, with standard workflows? And it's giving us options, right? Because it's…
Abhirath Batra: Thought well about it. Fixed agents, standard workflows. Fixed agents, customizable workflows, fully customizable.
Abhirath Batra: Start, fixed, and evolve to customizable.
Abhirath Batra: So I think for this demo, we can, you know, start fixed and evolve to customizable, right? Make sense?
Abhirath Batra: Or do we want to just do customizable playbooks right off the bat?
Abhirath Batra: I think we can do either 2 or 4.
Abhirath Batra: What do you say?
Abhirath Batra: Four? Okay, I think let's do four.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, next. Beyond Asana, what connector integration should be planned for? Select all that apply. Slack plus email, CRM, social media, Shopify, Stripe. Hmm.
Abhirath Batra: I think we can do Slack plus email, at best.
Abhirath Batra: No need for anything else.
Abhirath Batra: Then, how should users interact with the master agent in the product? It says chat UI dashboard plus async runs and chat UI plus dashboard. What do you think?
Abhirath Batra: chart for ad hoc requests, dashboard and scheduled runs for reviewing results, most complete, but most work. I think for the demo that I created already was just chat UI. I think we can try being more ambitious and go for the dashboard.
Abhirath Batra: I think let's do the dashboard plus chat UI then, so that we have the chat UI as a fallback in case the dashboard is not the best.
Abhirath Batra: What's the MVP scope and timeline expectation? This affects how we phase the plan, okay? Lean MVP, that's auth, Chat, and Asana. Full MVP, that's auth, chat, dashboard, and 2-3 connectors, and phase delivery. Break it into 4 to 6 self-sufficient phases. I think this is the best way of going for it.
Abhirath Batra: First phase is the bare minimum, and each adds layer. So let's see. Let's start with that, and let's see what happens.
Abhirath Batra: For the agent execution backend, should each user agent share infrastructure or get isolated execution environments? Now, this is basically trying to ask us, should we use something like Docker?
Abhirath Batra: Which, or in the cloud environments, use very specific and dedicated agent… sorry, worker pools, compute worker pools.
Abhirath Batra: That is probably the best way of doing it in production, but if we're going to run it on the laptop, this will be a little too much. So,
Abhirath Batra: what we're going to do is, we're not going to go in the, isolated containers direction. Instead, the first option, which is, they all share the same worker pool, but,
Abhirath Batra: have their data isolated is perfectly fine. And here, what Superbase does is it gives row-level security, which means that it asks for each row if you're supposed to see it or not as a user. And that makes, isolation between different users
Abhirath Batra: Simple and effective. So we'll continue with that. Then, how should we, how should users provide their API keys for connectors?
Abhirath Batra: OAuth flows, which is connect to Asana button, it goes and collects the tokens and whatnot, manual API key entry and OAuth Preferred, but API key fallback. I think that's what we'd like to do, because to set up OAuth.
Abhirath Batra: You'd have to go to each of these providers and platforms like Asana, and go and, set up your own app. They would approve it or not, and then they give you a key.
Abhirath Batra: They may give you a test key initially, but if you're going… but OAuth keys can be a little dicey to get from platforms, so we're just going to use manual API key entry for now.
Abhirath Batra: Now, should the system use the…
Abhirath Batra: Anthropic Cloud API directly, or continue using Cloud Agent SDK with OAuth. It should use Claude Agent SDK with OAuth. That's the variant we are interested in right now.
Abhirath Batra: Summer Dancers.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see, I think it might ask more questions.
Abhirath Batra: If not, then we'll wait for it to come up with the plan.
Abhirath Batra: So, now you can see the skills that have been given to the Compound Engineering plugin.
Abhirath Batra: It is that it has started to look at what are the best ways of approaching this problem. So it's trying to look at best practices. There is an agent running to do some bit of research, there is an agent doing research on the frameworks and different spec flows and whatnot.
Abhirath Batra: So, with this project, we are going to have to sit through and watch this work for a while. And because I did not do the dangerously skipped permissions thing, I'll have to keep pressing enter a bunch of times to allow it to do the things that it's doing.
Abhirath Batra: In the meantime, what we can do is, I'll pull it aside, and we'll just do a quick recap, right?
Abhirath Batra: And we can…
Abhirath Batra: maybe take a couple of questions if required, because this is going to take some time. So, we'll just do a quick recap first.
Abhirath Batra: Recap. We have… from yesterday?
Abhirath Batra: We have the… Agent.
Abhirath Batra: Plus… sub-agent setup.
Abhirath Batra: And we want to take it to a productionizable setup.
Abhirath Batra: We want to take it to production. To go to production, we are taking the chat interface from yesterday, turning it into a web interface today.
Abhirath Batra: Yesterday, we just had one user. Now, we are going to ask who is the user, and we are going to answer that with auth.
Abhirath Batra: Right? Then, we are going to answer the question of state.
Abhirath Batra: Which, yesterday, was just files on the local folder system, and now that becomes a proper database.
Abhirath Batra: And for scale, we're writing.
Abhirath Batra: Proper backend plus Front-end software.
Abhirath Batra: Right? This is the what we are doing. And then.
Abhirath Batra: Oops, this is… sorry about that.
Abhirath Batra: All right.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, this is much better. So I'll just go through that again. Yesterday, we had agent plus sub-agent, we're taking it to production.
Abhirath Batra: Yesterday, it was chat, today it is web. From one user, we go to auth, so that we can have multiple users. For state, we had files, and we're going to databases. And for scale.
Abhirath Batra: We are using a proper back-end and front-end split.
Abhirath Batra: The second part of today's session is… Duh?
Abhirath Batra: How?
Abhirath Batra: And the how is… Claude Code team of… Agents.
Abhirath Batra: A team of agents, will be secondary. We are starting off with the compound engineering Plugin.
Abhirath Batra: Because it is good at engineering, And…
Abhirath Batra: Then, this will invoke our team.
Abhirath Batra: 1, 2, 3, however many agents.
Abhirath Batra: and get the job done. That is what we're going to see.
Abhirath Batra: Right? We are going to pull this back.
Abhirath Batra: So, as I said, because I've not given it dangerously permissions, it's asking me permission to access websites so that it can do its research. So, while it does that, I think we can take a couple of questions.
Abhirath Batra: Anyway, is everybody with us? Can you please expand on the scale portion of the recap? Sure.
Abhirath Batra: Let's do that.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: So, let me ask a more fundamental question.
Abhirath Batra: I wonder if all the free software start to malfunction just to force us to pay. But, okay, first let's ask the question, what does scale mean?
Abhirath Batra: So, the answer to that is…
Abhirath Batra: Scale is in absolutely any dimension. So, one dimension of that could be number of users.
Abhirath Batra: amount of… data.
Abhirath Batra: number of… operations.
Abhirath Batra: And let's see what all these things do to the scale.
Abhirath Batra: So, first thing is, if you have more than one user even.
Abhirath Batra: Right? Can you handle more than one user with just…
Abhirath Batra: files on your local system? The answer is probably no, right? It's not going to work out. You need a more scalable solution to do the very simple job of tracking different users and what they do. So, the number of users
Abhirath Batra: Is part of what scale means.
Abhirath Batra: And in the recap, what we said was that the agent and sub-agents that we set up yesterday cannot handle scale, because they're just writing to files. It's easy to mess it up. What sort of a schema might you use? So, for example, if there are two customers, two users named
Abhirath Batra: John Smith, how will you have files that will maintain the state and memory for John Smith?
Abhirath Batra: So, to answer all these questions, you have to answer, how do you scale for multiple users? And the simplest problem that we just discussed is solved by, for example, using database and auth, right? Then, second is amount of data. Now, imagine if there are
Abhirath Batra: there's 10 or 100 MB of data, and there's a thousand users, suddenly you are looking at, what, you know, maybe a terabyte of data. And when you have that much data, you are going to have to use bigger machines, bigger storage.
Abhirath Batra: And if, again, we are running it right outside of our lap… right from our laptop, it's not going to work out. So, this…
Abhirath Batra: answer to how to scale for data is we use things like cloud, we use offerings like S3, we use offerings like Firebase, where the system is not throttled by the more amount of data that you give. The providers and platforms like
Abhirath Batra: AWS and Firebase from Google, they handle how… they internally handle and abstract out the management of more and more bigger scale data.
Abhirath Batra: And then, third thing is the number of operations. And by the number of operations, I mean, imagine if your,
Abhirath Batra: Agent has to perform a simple calculation for your finance.
Abhirath Batra: let's say it has to, you know, calculate your taxes by looking at every single invoice in your day. So already that's a lot of data, and that's a lot of operations, because it has to look at everything, it has to maybe, you know, add, subtract, multiply, whatever. It has to perform a bunch of mathematical operations.
Abhirath Batra: Now…
Abhirath Batra: already doing that, applying those mathematical formulae on a simpler machine, if you remember the Pentium 4 machines of the early 2000s, they would heat up and slow down and, you know, you could not do other things.
Abhirath Batra: So imagine if you have hundreds of users' worth of operations happening on your laptop, it would hang and crash and burn.
Abhirath Batra: So, the three major elements of scale here we're seeing, and user is sort of, the driving factor between those two is, one is the amount of data, and then the amount of operations. And for data, you can think it maps to storage.
Abhirath Batra: And number of operations maps to compute.
Abhirath Batra: And these are two limiting… these have been traditionally limiting factors, and to sort of have infinite scale on storage and compute, we have, the cloud providers.
Abhirath Batra: Does that answer your question, Sylvia?
Abhirath Batra: I think I'll take just one more question right now, because everything else is happening, and then, again, we'll fall back to the pattern where we'll look at the rest of them later. So, Nareen asks, how is the front-end and back-end separation achieved? Is that part of the plan, and how was that introduced in the plan? That's a good question. So, I think…
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: I should just show you what the agents… what the plugin, compound engineering plugin is doing right now. We'll get back to the question in a bit. So, as you can see.
Abhirath Batra: it worked on a plan. It wrote a massive plan that is… that I'm just, you know, as you can see the line number here, it's written more than thus what
Abhirath Batra: 1,534 lines, with a lot of sources on how to do these things, and do you want to create a multi-tenant sasbestpractices.md? Yes, please go ahead and do it.
Abhirath Batra: So it did a lot of research, and it's adding that in as part of documentation.
Abhirath Batra: Right? So, yeah, so how do we choose back-end and front-end as a split? Well, this is currently an industry standard. When you…
Abhirath Batra: Create any sort of application where there is some interface with which the user talks.
Abhirath Batra: And there are a bunch of operations with data that happen, then we typically use this split, because if we were to do all operations in one place.
Abhirath Batra: Then either you would have to go and sit in a data center to interact with a very big computer that can do it, or your laptop or mobile phone would have to be extremely powerful to manage all your data.
Abhirath Batra: For all your apps, which we don't want to do. So there is this split between client and server.
Abhirath Batra: from the 80s, when IBM was making machines, it was called the client-server architecture, 80s and 90s, that's what happened. And now, it's called the Gen Z or Millennial name for that is front-end and back-end. Front-end is what you see, back-end is what does the actual work behind the scenes.
Abhirath Batra: And, that split is what we're feeding into the plan, because that's a common engineering language that the, plugin and Claude Code will understand to build everything for us.
Abhirath Batra: So, as you can see, it's creating…
Abhirath Batra: Our plans and our logs And I think we should be able to see the plans super soon now.
Abhirath Batra: And now, I'll probably take a second to talk about where we'll go from here as well.
Abhirath Batra: So, after it is done doing this, we'll do, one, a review of the plan.
Abhirath Batra: We'll ask it to build.
Abhirath Batra: to build.
Abhirath Batra: And as we discussed earlier, using… Teams.
Abhirath Batra: off agents.
Abhirath Batra: team of agents.
Abhirath Batra: So, planned review is going to be a little tricky, because
Abhirath Batra: It might be a little too verbose, it may contain a lot of things, so we'll see what
Abhirath Batra: Are the important things we can review? And, if we can think of some important gotchas.
Abhirath Batra: Can we anticipate some problems? And,
Abhirath Batra: ask it to already deal with them in the plan. So, one of the things that I can think of right off the bat.
Abhirath Batra: From our experience, Yesterday is, that it'll try to
Abhirath Batra: give us a system and say, go run it yourself. So one thing we want to ask it to do now is.
Abhirath Batra: Ensure… there is… only one.
Abhirath Batra: Entry point.
Abhirath Batra: to run everything.
Abhirath Batra: Everything?
Abhirath Batra: And you can… Run all.
Abhirath Batra: set up.
Abhirath Batra: commands.
Abhirath Batra: yourself.
Abhirath Batra: This is one thing I think I will tell it. Another thing that I can say to it is.
Abhirath Batra: Help me with… Setting up… services.
Abhirath Batra: like Superbase.
Abhirath Batra: And the reason we need help with that is, like, I've just, you know, said, oh, we'll use Superbase, we'll use this, we'll use that. But, when you're going to do it yourself, you may want to,
Abhirath Batra: be instructed and guided on by the agent on how to actually use those things. And in the interest of that, I think we will go and have a look at Superbase right now.
Abhirath Batra: Right, so, as I said, Superbase tries to be a Postgres development platform. Postgres is just a database type.
Abhirath Batra: And, again, you'll find the link to this website in the class material.
Abhirath Batra: And, as you see, it provides us two more… most important things that we were looking for. It gives us a place to store database, which, if you remember, was the second question that we were trying to ask. What is the state of the user?
Abhirath Batra: And the other thing is authentication, which was the first question, who is the user? So both these things, Superbase helps us with.
Abhirath Batra: And the way it helps us with that is…
Abhirath Batra: You have to basically go and create a project, And in that project.
Abhirath Batra: Claude Code will guide us. By the way, this is what it's up to right now, if…
Abhirath Batra: We want to see.
Abhirath Batra: It's creating the logs and plans.
Abhirath Batra: So, yeah, coming back to the Superbase thing, it has organizations and then projects, and in the projects, there are tables and
Abhirath Batra: databases.
Abhirath Batra: So, the demo that I showed you at the beginning of the class is being run by this database and these set of tables.
Abhirath Batra: And what we are going to do is, we are going to create a fresh project for this particular demo that we're doing in the class.
Abhirath Batra: Now, let's get back to our Cloud Code Agent, which has finished its job, and it's coming here. And again, this is something really cool that the Compound Engineering plugin is doing here for us, which is…
Abhirath Batra: You can either open the plan in the editor, which is what we'll do eventually, you can ask it to run deep in the plan, which is that it'll, you know, go a little deeper than whatever it has done. And, you know, we may want to do that based on looking at the plan, but not right away.
Abhirath Batra: Third thing is review and refine, which is that it will just do a review on its own and refine it. And fourth is it just would like to start work. But we're not gonna jump the gun there. We are going to want to look at that.
Abhirath Batra: output.
Abhirath Batra: So, let me just pull up…
Abhirath Batra: The plan over here.
Abhirath Batra: Let's have a look.
Abhirath Batra: As I said, it's 1500, or no, this is probably less, a fewer pages,
Abhirath Batra: How many is these? How many is this?
Abhirath Batra: Okay, this is 1200 too, so it's not easy.
Abhirath Batra: For sure.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, so let's see if it has broadly captured what we wanted it to do, and then we can see the depth of what it has managed to do in the past 12 minutes. Be a little impressed by it, because it's, you know, 3 years old, this would have been magic, and I think it's magic even today, but let's have a look.
Abhirath Batra: So, it has understood that the problem that we have given is that we have to transform the existing agent operating system that we built yesterday.
Abhirath Batra: into a multi-tenant SaaS product, right? That's the game. Multi-tenant, multi-user, right?
Abhirath Batra: We… it has captured the tech stack that we want.
Abhirath Batra: And… oh, there's something that I don't like, so maybe we can ask it to simplify it a little. It asks…
Abhirath Batra: it's tried to use a technology that I didn't ask it to do, which is Redis.
Abhirath Batra: And if you see something like this, you can ask it a question, hey, why are we using Redis? Can we simplify it a little? Because, you know, we don't want to, at least for the sake of this class, we don't want to go all in and, you know, build something so complicated that we can't handle it in 2 hours.
Abhirath Batra: Second is,
Abhirath Batra: Current state, which it has basically sort of understood what is currently the state of the system, and what is the target state.
Abhirath Batra: Then problem statement and motivation, okay, sure.
Abhirath Batra: Proposed solution. Phase one, foundation, the superbase schema, fast API skeleton, auth credentials, storage. Second step, agent backend refactor.
Abhirath Batra: Fair enough.
Abhirath Batra: So, do we know the term refactor?
Abhirath Batra: Is everybody familiar with that?
Abhirath Batra: No? Okay, so refactoring is, something we do a lot in engineering, and what that means, essentially, is it refers to taking the same bit of logic and, rewriting it
Abhirath Batra: In a cleaner way.
Abhirath Batra: So, it's basically like, you know, when you have a lot of wires crisscrossing on your desktop setup because they're going in all sorts of directions, it works, but it looks, you know, it looks bad.
Abhirath Batra: it's pretty dangerous, because you couldn't pull one thing and something else can get pulled, and it's a fire hazard. It's exactly like that. You can write code that works, that gets the job done, but it could be dangerous, it could be very hard to modify and update, and lastly.
Abhirath Batra: it could just be super ugly. So, for all those three reasons, we want to refactor. And so what it's saying is that as part of Phase 2, it has decided that it will, refactor those agents so that they can run for multiple tenants.
Abhirath Batra: Third is that it will, implement real-time chat UI. Cool. Fourth, it will implement dashboard and management. Fifth, it will do additional connectors. And sixth, it'll do production hardening, that is.
Abhirath Batra: billing, deployment, Rate limiting, all the things that are protected.
Abhirath Batra: And it has given us such a nice… architecture diagram.
Abhirath Batra: So, here we can see how the agent has thought about the backend and fast, sorry, back-end and front-end split, and this will make it more clear. I think Naresh asked the question, right? So, in the back end, we are going to have an agent orchestrator.
Abhirath Batra: with the agent layer, it is calling it refactored because it wants to take credit for what it has done. And this worker queue thing, which I think we'll ask it to simplify. And then there is the front end, which has the chat UX, the dashboard, and some settings. And these talk to the backend.
Abhirath Batra: And show users all the results.
Abhirath Batra: And this backend itself needs to talk to Superbase, where auth, and overall.
Abhirath Batra: row-level secure records are stored. As you can see, it has also figured out what tables it will be making in the database, which is users, user credentials, chat sessions, chat messages, agent runs, and everything. And all these tables have user ID and RLS policies.
Abhirath Batra: Then it has decided how it will organize the code, we can ignore this, and then it has gotten into the depth of how it will do each phase, what deliverables it will come up with, what is the schema for organizing the data.
Abhirath Batra: how… It will actually do it.
Abhirath Batra: What files it will create, and what is the acceptance criteria.
Abhirath Batra: And it has done that for all these different phases.
Abhirath Batra: So before we go any further, are we all on the same page? Can you please do a thumbs up from the emojis, so that, you know, is everybody on the same page?
Abhirath Batra: Or is it getting too much?
Abhirath Batra: Okay, I got a couple of thumbs up.
Abhirath Batra: I think somebody asked if humans used to do this before. Yes, yes, this was our entire job. It still is our job, unfortunately, or fortunately, I don't know. We're getting paid, so fortunately, I think. But yes, this is,
Abhirath Batra: in a big company, coming up with the design spec for a single feature. I mean, we are just writing the entire SaaS here, like, most of our life was just…
Abhirath Batra: Coming up with a document with this grade of detail for a single feature, and getting it approved with different architects, because you don't have to just implement the feature, you have to see the way you code, how does that,
Abhirath Batra: affect the upgradability, maintainability, security, scalability of the system today and two years down the line. All these things matter. So, yes, this is, evaluating this is…
Abhirath Batra: The thing that engineers continue to do.
Abhirath Batra: How many tokens did this consume? We'll have to see.
Abhirath Batra: Why does Cloud code oscillate between nice and basic visualizations? Good question. That I'm not sure of. I think… so what it has used over here is probably Mermaid.
Abhirath Batra: So let me just show you that, if it's Mermaid. Yeah, so Mermaid, if everybody's familiar with Markdown, Markdown is this way where if you write a hyphen here, or a double star here, then that's how it gets rendered, right? It gets rendered as
Abhirath Batra: bold and whatnot. So, Mermaid is a language like Markdown in which you can describe diagrams. So, this is literally the code for this diagram that you can see, and Visual Studio Code is able to render it nicely like this.
Abhirath Batra: Anyway, so getting back.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see what else is there for us to review. So, one thing that we made note of right at the start, let's just revise that, that we are going to ask it to not use this queuing system, because we didn't think about it initially, and we think it has added complexity. That's the simplest way we can think of it.
Abhirath Batra: Right.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, so the other thing that I can see right off the bat is that it's going to ask us to use the Anthropic API key. I don't want to use the Anthropic API key, we want to use the Claude.
Abhirath Batra: OAuth key, because that allows us to just use our standard, flawed plan, rather than going through the hassle of buying tokens from Anthropic and all of that. When you do it in production, however, you will have to do that, otherwise Anthropic will ban your app, and it'll not look nice.
Abhirath Batra: I'm not sure if you guys have heard the story about how that happened to OpenCode, but yeah, that, Anthropic does not like if you, put out production apps using their standard OAuth tokens.
Abhirath Batra: Right, so I'm convinced with Phase 1, and I think we can ask it to make it with these two modifications. So let's start that process, and then let's look at the rest of the plan.
Abhirath Batra: So… let's say I have… Something to say.
Abhirath Batra: I have two notes.
Abhirath Batra: One, I don't want to use Redis or any other queuing, or… queuing mechanisms.
Abhirath Batra: You can just use… async.
Abhirath Batra: Tasks to run, though.
Abhirath Batra: Agents.
Abhirath Batra: And by async tasks, we just mean, hey, just use the standard operating system, CPU system, to run tasks asynchronously. No need to do fancy stuff, it's fine, we'll bear the cost for this demo.
Abhirath Batra: Secondly, we want to use the Claude What?
Abhirath Batra: token, not the anthropic…
Abhirath Batra: API key. This is something we did yesterday as well, you can refer to the recording from yesterday to see why.
Abhirath Batra: Now, let's ask it to do that.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see what it does.
Abhirath Batra: Oh, by the way, somebody was asking how many tokens? Yeah, we are at 56,000 tokens right now.
Abhirath Batra: And as you can see, it's making edits to those files.
Abhirath Batra: Background workers has been changed to ASIC tasks.
Abhirath Batra: now updating the architecture diagram, so it's doing the exact things that I was bothered by. If you remember, I was bothered by this ARQ worker thing, it's removing that.
Abhirath Batra: See, earlier it was giving me so much pain by not pulling up this plugin, and now it's being so nice and doing everything correctly. I love it when it really gets my intent.
Abhirath Batra: And I think this is the most, personally to me, the most addictive part of using flawed code, which is when, once it starts to really get me, like, how your first relationship starts to get you, that's when it starts to become fun. I don't want to get up from my seat.
Abhirath Batra: It's changing the Cloud SDK, auth.
Abhirath Batra: Setup token, yep, I'll do that. So it's updated its instructions for me as well.
Abhirath Batra: It's updated the structure.
Abhirath Batra: This should finish in less than a minute now. This is not a lot of change.
Abhirath Batra: Good.
Abhirath Batra: It's doing some risk analysis as well.
Abhirath Batra: I'm gonna just pop up.
Abhirath Batra: So, one thing I really want to communicate here is spending more time on the planning is more worth it.
Abhirath Batra: Because once you let it loose on the codebase and it starts to build stuff, and it builds in a direction that you don't like. So, for example, if it ended up building Redis and the queuing system.
Abhirath Batra: it would have become too much to handle at this level. I mean, and by this level, I mean this, Phase 1 or Phase 2 that we are building in this classroom.
Abhirath Batra: if…
Abhirath Batra: There's one more reason it could become too much, is that if you're not necessarily fluent with those things, those technologies like,
Abhirath Batra: in-memory databases and message queues can get… Tricky in multiple ways.
Abhirath Batra: as I was explaining earlier, there are, things like race conditions where, such, systems can get complicated. Then.
Abhirath Batra: the capability of Cloud Code will also start to exceed, because it cannot really look at a live running system at a different server and help you debug it. You will ultimately end up being limited by your engineering capacity to handle it. So, looking at the plan and
Abhirath Batra: Ensuring that we understand all the moving pieces.
Abhirath Batra: And then going ahead and asking it to implement is the safer strategy. So, it's done with updating the plan.
Abhirath Batra: Let's have a look. So, it's removed the things that we didn't want, they've gone from the architecture diagram.
Abhirath Batra: And as part of Phase 1, it says it'll do this superbase configuration, complete database, world functions, okay,
Abhirath Batra: fast API REST endpoints, Cool.
Abhirath Batra: And I think this will not be an MVP yet, so let's see what it can do for us in Phase 2. Phase 2, it can have all our APIs.
Abhirath Batra: And capability to run.
Abhirath Batra: And Phase 3 has the real-time chat, so I think we should ask it to build all the way till phase 3.
Abhirath Batra: And let's chat.
Abhirath Batra: The plant looks good.
Abhirath Batra: We want to… build up till Phase 3, so that we have a usable product to, try out.
Abhirath Batra: Now, if you remember, we had discussed
Abhirath Batra: a few things that we wanted to change. One is that we wanted to ask it to ensure there is only one entry point.
Abhirath Batra: And the other was that we wanted it to give us a guide to setting up these services. So let's give us… give it these instructions.
Abhirath Batra: There's a few more instructions for you.
Abhirath Batra: 1.
Abhirath Batra: Ensure, there is only one entry point.
Abhirath Batra: To first set up the app, That is…
Abhirath Batra: Taking all keys from me.
Abhirath Batra: And then, running the app.
Abhirath Batra: Second, help me with setting up all services like Superbase, And getting keys.
Abhirath Batra: Peace.
Abhirath Batra: I'm wondering if there's anything else that might… B…
Abhirath Batra: good, or maybe we can handle it once we get there. And third is, this, ensure that…
Abhirath Batra: What you build?
Abhirath Batra: up to Phase 3.
Abhirath Batra: Can run on a local machine, and doesn't require any cloud setup.
Abhirath Batra: I do have Asana and Superbase.
Abhirath Batra: access to.
Abhirath Batra: I don't want it to be too conservative as well. So let's see.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, so now it says, do you already have a superbase project created, or do you need to create one from scratch? So I'd say, what we can say is, how about…
Abhirath Batra: You build everything first, and then write a guide to set it up.
Abhirath Batra: In the repo, I will follow it.
Abhirath Batra: remember.
Abhirath Batra: to use… a team of agents. I don't want to miss out on this instruction.
Abhirath Batra: To achieve the implementation.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see, I'm just hoping it gets my instructions right.
Abhirath Batra: Lots of tokens incoming, so I think it caught it.
Abhirath Batra: And so it has understood the instruction that it is supposed to use the parallel agents to implement. And now that'll be the cool thing to watch here, how it'll assign 3 different, or whatever, let's see how many agents it figures out ultimately, and how they pick up different tasks.
Abhirath Batra: And how they get… how the tasks get blocked on different previous tasks, because…
Abhirath Batra: A backend agent is supposed to do one thing, so…
Abhirath Batra: It can only do the second thing once it has finished the first thing, but multiple things are happening in parallel.
Abhirath Batra: table.
Abhirath Batra: It has begun.
Abhirath Batra: So, a lot of people like to use the team of agents setup
Abhirath Batra: By, using some specific,
Abhirath Batra: magic on the terminal to split the screen, to talk with each of these agents separately. Right now, I'm not doing that because it's not required for this, and I think that it gets a little too complicated, but the advantage we are getting here is that things are going to be happening in parallel.
Abhirath Batra: So while this happens, I'm going to keep it on the side so that I can keep pressing enter when it asks for
Abhirath Batra: Permissions for things?
Abhirath Batra: We can also see… That it has started to prepare stuff here.
Abhirath Batra: So it has created a superbase directory, where it is writing some migrations.
Abhirath Batra: And… After doing that, Launching 4 agents in parallel for the main implementation work.
Abhirath Batra: So you can see the number of agents has started to increase.
Abhirath Batra: So, parallel agents are spinning up.
Abhirath Batra: Of course, consuming a lot more tokens.
Abhirath Batra: And doing things in parallel on this repository.
Abhirath Batra: Apps are being created.
Abhirath Batra: Code is being written.
Abhirath Batra: So yeah, beer… Our job is now to wait and watch.
Abhirath Batra: And… Watch it create the whole thing.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, in the meantime, I think I can look at a couple of questions while we watch this work.
Abhirath Batra: But, what we've done so far, why we've done so far, is, like, before any other tangential questions.
Abhirath Batra: Can everybody just confirm that we are on the same page on the why and how up till this point?
Abhirath Batra: The good thing is, after this point, it'll make something, and the worst-case thing that we'll have to do is, we'll have to debug a little, because as we saw yesterday, you know,
Abhirath Batra: Even though I just built the same thing today, it'll do a different job right now, and we'll have to see how it goes.
Abhirath Batra: I'm seeing a lot of yeses. I'm glad. If there's anybody who feels like, you know, the why or the how is not clear, please let me know. While it works, I can recap a little bit here and there.
Abhirath Batra: As you can see, it's now 4 local agents running. So this is our team now.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, yeah, I can do a recap.
Abhirath Batra: Let's do that.
Abhirath Batra: I'll put it on the side so that I can keep pressing until if there's something that I need to see.
Abhirath Batra: And… Let's do one more recap.
Abhirath Batra: Actually, we can look at…
Abhirath Batra: the recap that we saw earlier, and see if that makes sense still. Yeah, so… Yesterday.
Abhirath Batra: The recap for yesterday is that we had created agents and sub-agents, two sub-agents, and one agent with which we were talking, and we were chatting with it on CLI, command line interface, and we were the only user.
Abhirath Batra: And the question we're trying to solve is, how do we go from that to production? And by production, we mean multiple users, bigger scale, other people can use it, things like that. And to answer that question, and to answer how we go from this to that.
Abhirath Batra: We first have… you know, the first thing that we decided to do was that the chat interface goes from command line to web.
Abhirath Batra: This is not an obvious choice. It could have been a mobile app, it could have been that it calls you up, I don't know. This is just a choice we are making. There's no right or wrong. It depends on the context and the use case.
Abhirath Batra: And the fact that we just had one user yesterday, that translates into using authentication so that we can have multiple users know.
Abhirath Batra: And the state for all these agents, that is, what are they doing, what have they done so far, etc, etc, is stored in local files. That now comes out to the database.
Abhirath Batra: And lastly, the question of scale, which is,
Abhirath Batra: That thing could only do so much in its limited capacity, what we built yesterday. Now we want it to do all sorts of things for all sorts of users, so we have to build a proper client-server architecture, so that multiple people can use it, and it can keep scaling.
Abhirath Batra: The how of this is that we are using Cloud Core Team of Agents. That's what we are seeing happening right now.
Abhirath Batra: That the team of agents is literally
Abhirath Batra: three local agents right now. One agent has already done its job and gone to sleep. Three agents are working in parallel, that's one part of it. And the other part of it is the Compound Engineering plugin, which is a… which has a lot of very good engineering skills, including around planning and implementation.
Abhirath Batra: So that is the overview of what we are doing today.
Abhirath Batra: And, the third biggest piece of what we're going to be doing today is waiting, because now the agent is working, we must get bored.
Abhirath Batra: how to get info about plugins from which to select any particular plugin for our purpose? That's a good question. I don't think, I mean, you have to kind of,
Abhirath Batra: keep seeing a lot of the plugins, Anthropic and Claude themselves are announced.
Abhirath Batra: And then, you know, if you sit in spaces like Twitter or LinkedIn, people will, you know, talk about what different plugins they're using and what is giving them a lot of utility, and that is a…
Abhirath Batra: That is a way to keep getting to know them. Or, if you have a particularly utility, like, you're going to write code, the good thing to do would be to just Google and say, I'm going to write code, what are the best plugins to do that?
Abhirath Batra: this marketplace evolves really rapidly, so the answer may change one year down the line. So this is the best answer we have today.
Abhirath Batra: Ugh…
Abhirath Batra: Yes, parallel agents would definitely consume more tokens, because, I mean, it's like four things running in parallel, and everything consumes tokens, so yes, we will consume more tokens.
Abhirath Batra: And why should we not use parallel agents?
Abhirath Batra: Can we do this in OpenClaw? I don't think this is comparable to OpenClaw,
Abhirath Batra: Because OpenClaw is not really useful for coding.
Abhirath Batra: What are the times when you should not use parallel agents? I think that's a relevant question. And I think it depends, like, do you have tasks which have very clear boundaries?
Abhirath Batra: And I think that's something we can discuss over here. One second.
Abhirath Batra: If you look at… the architecture that we went for, right? We decided to do… a backend… a front-end…
Abhirath Batra: and a database.
Abhirath Batra: What happens is that these three are very clean-cut tasks.
Abhirath Batra: As long as the contract between them is known.
Abhirath Batra: What do I mean by contract in this case?
Abhirath Batra: So… Imagine a supply chain, right?
Abhirath Batra: What happens in a supply chain?
Abhirath Batra: you have… Farms that produce food.
Abhirath Batra: Then there's… a marketplace?
Abhirath Batra: Where traders buy this, And?
Abhirath Batra: Take it down to… A market where it will be sold for?
Abhirath Batra: Profit?
Abhirath Batra: In the city, let's say.
Abhirath Batra: Right? Now, at each point of time, over here.
Abhirath Batra: The farmer's operation of growing the food, and the trader's operation of
Abhirath Batra: Taking it here are independent operations, except for this interface where they have to have a contract.
Abhirath Batra: And their contract is simple. The trader says, I want X amount of Y fruit at Z cost.
Abhirath Batra: Both the parties negotiate and agree on this contract, and if they agree on this contract, they can continue to perform their tasks independently.
Abhirath Batra: That's also what's happening out here with our
Abhirath Batra: back-end and front-end and database agents. There is a contract between them. The front-end says.
Abhirath Batra: I want data to show, for example, what data in the front end be showing. For example, it wants to say what is the user's name.
Abhirath Batra: and email.
Abhirath Batra: I will ask for this at a particular URL.
Abhirath Batra: And you will respond with this information.
Abhirath Batra: This is the contract between the front end and the backend.
Abhirath Batra: Given that, this contract
Abhirath Batra: is, just like we saw in the case of the marketplace, a very tiny thing, and the rest of it can happen independently. The parallel agents work because
Abhirath Batra: Initially, Claude Code in the plan described these pieces of contracts, and we can see that in the plan.
Abhirath Batra: In the diagram right here.
Abhirath Batra: You can see these API URLs that the backend is exposing. These are the contracts which frontend is aware of, that if I want to chat, I have to go to this URL and the backend will respond.
Abhirath Batra: This is the contract between these two. And this has been established in the planning phase. But once it has been established.
Abhirath Batra: Then, the development of the front end and the back end can happen independently.
Abhirath Batra: And so these scenarios where, after establishing a contract, things can happen in parallel.
Abhirath Batra: Those are the ones that are conducive to parallel agents. There may be other scenarios where there cannot be a distinction between those two tasks. Both the tasks depend on each other. In that scenario, unfortunately, you have to use sequential agent work.
Abhirath Batra: Alright, good news!
Abhirath Batra: Claude has done its job.
Abhirath Batra: So now, it's time to… Set it up.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see.
Abhirath Batra: All tasks complete. Here's a summary of everything that was built. What was built? 45 files across 4 layers, implementing phases 1 to 3 of the plan. As you can see.
Abhirath Batra: It has been…
Abhirath Batra: built here, there is API, there is web, there's a bunch of files that it has made, some Python, some TypeScript… ugh, I don't like TypeScript, I should have said that to it. But anyway…
Abhirath Batra: My prejudices aside, then it has created some super-based database files, where it creates some tables, some rows, some encryption, some other nice things. Then there is a backend, there is a frontend, there's the refactor agents, the setup files.
Abhirath Batra: And then it has told us how to run. It says, run setup.sh one time. It collects keys, installs dependencies. And two is start.sh. So just two simple commands to run. That was the gotcha that we had given it right before we asked it to implement the plan.
Abhirath Batra: And most importantly, it has given us a setupguide.mpt. So let us just go there.
Abhirath Batra: Great.
Abhirath Batra: So…
Abhirath Batra: let's… before doing the setup.sh command, let's go to the Superbase dashboard. So it says go to the dashboard, create a new project, give it a name, set a strong password, select a region, create a new project, and wait for the project to finish provision. So let's go and do that.
Abhirath Batra: As I said, this is the project I'd created for the demo that I showed you at the starting of the class, but we will create a new project.
Abhirath Batra: We'll call it AgentOS.
Abhirath Batra: We'll create a random strong password.
Abhirath Batra: Region is fine, RLS is fine. Create a new project.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, so we followed these instructions right here, and then to get the superbase keys, we'll have to wait for the project to stop, to finish provisioning. So as long as it is still setting up the project, all those keys will not be very ready. So we'll wait for that.
Abhirath Batra: In the meantime, we can go and set this up.
Abhirath Batra: And to do that, I will open up my terminal, I will just…
Abhirath Batra: Open up a screen on the side.
Abhirath Batra: And… we'll just see. What it says is CH mod… Let's do the chmod command.
Abhirath Batra: you don't have to worry about what this does, just follow its instructions, it's being very nice and telling us what to do, and then it says, run the setup thing. But before that, we'll just collect all this information.
Abhirath Batra: So what I'm anticipating now is that it can happen that we will hit a roadblock, that even though it has very confidently done all of this, there may be things that do not work. And so now our task is to actually follow the instructions, set everything up, and try to find if there are things that have not worked well, and then ask it to debug them and fix them.
Abhirath Batra: Let's wait for this.
Abhirath Batra: Provisioning to happen.
Abhirath Batra: But as you can see, like, This is…
Abhirath Batra: As long as we give it this very simple instruction that guide me in the end.
Abhirath Batra: it is able to give me the same instructions I got before as well.
Abhirath Batra: So, that is the part that it's doing really well, and that's the reason Claude has become as popular as it has, that it…
Abhirath Batra: actually does show intelligence, that if you say a simple thing like, help me set this up, it will figure out that you will need instruction setting up Superbase.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, so the setup is done now.
Abhirath Batra: And now, let's try and do… Setup.sh.
Abhirath Batra: There you go. It's a nice, cute setup wizard. So, it asks us for the Superbase project URL. So, if I go to the browser…
Abhirath Batra: There you go, there's the project URL on the front page itself. I just copied that, I pasted that.
Abhirath Batra: Then it says, superbase unknown or public key. So…
Abhirath Batra: just go to project settings, API Keys.
Abhirath Batra: the legacy anon keys, I copy the anon key.
Abhirath Batra: pasted here.
Abhirath Batra: Oops, I think… oh, it's… Okay, and then the service role key.
Abhirath Batra: Oh, Subway's job secret.
Abhirath Batra: Settings, API, JWT, okay?
Abhirath Batra: Settings, API, JWT settings, is that there?
Abhirath Batra: I don't want to use this, but… Oh *****
Abhirath Batra: I see. The legacy key, I think that's what it wants.
Abhirath Batra: Cool.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, Claude Worth token. If you don't have one, run Claude Setup Token. Sure, let's just do that. I don't have the key right away, so I'm gonna just say Claude…
Abhirath Batra: Setup token.
Abhirath Batra: Oops.
Abhirath Batra: Alright… It asks me to authorize…
Abhirath Batra: And it has given me a token. I'm just gonna copy that.
Abhirath Batra: And… paste it.
Abhirath Batra: Yep.
Abhirath Batra: then it's asking us for an Asana token. Now, this is a mistake it has made.
Abhirath Batra: Can anybody guess why asking for the Asana token at this point of time is a mistake?
Abhirath Batra: I think Nimit got it right, that the Asana keys are going to be user-specific, because we want a user to come and connect to their Asana. So I think this is a simple problem that we have found, and we should immediately give this feedback, because this will break everything else. So you're gonna say, I think there is a mistake.
Abhirath Batra: Asanokis… Shouldn't be asked at setup, since the user should bring their own project and keys.
Abhirath Batra: is the… Asana token.
Abhirath Batra: Here, for some other purpose. Let's see if it has something else in mind.
Abhirath Batra: So it agrees.
Abhirath Batra: And it's changing things, so I'm going to just exit out of this setup right now, and we're going to do some more copy-pasting again.
Abhirath Batra: Just to be clear, what happened here is, when we're building a product.
Abhirath Batra: we want our users to bring their connectors, right? Asana, I mean, what will my users that I've never met do with my Asana keys over here, connecting to my Asana project?
Abhirath Batra: Whereas they will… their data will still reside in the database that I'm creating for the infrastructure.
Abhirath Batra: So the superbase is infrastructure that I am providing that the user will not find out about. But the Asana connector for the agent that the user is going to use, the user has to bring those keys. So it should not be part of this exercise. So that's the feedback we've given.
Abhirath Batra: Again, as I said yesterday, this is the fun of working with them. It fails in novel ways every day, and that's fun to work with.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: So, it has changed the… Setup. Let's start again.
Abhirath Batra: Cool.
Abhirath Batra: Unfortunately, we'll have to go back here.
Abhirath Batra: Let's go back.
Abhirath Batra: Project.
Abhirath Batra: Separate tab…
Abhirath Batra: Beautiful.
Abhirath Batra: I'm gonna… the anon key. By the way, if you find this process frustrating, you should know that
Abhirath Batra: Engineering is far more frustrating, and at least
Abhirath Batra: We have AI listening to us cry and crib about things and fixing it for us without threatening to
Abhirath Batra: quit. So, this is already an improvement, I think I messed up.
Abhirath Batra: I pasted the wrong key, sorry.
Abhirath Batra: But yeah, this, this, this pain is part of the process. There is absolutely no way around
Abhirath Batra: building, watching it fail, and then repeating the process, rinsing and repeating. There is… No way around it.
Abhirath Batra: Cheera.
Abhirath Batra: Looks token… oh man, okay.
Abhirath Batra: Let's do that again.
Abhirath Batra: Alright, seems like it has done our setup.
Abhirath Batra: Once we gave it the cloth token, it wrote that configuration.
Abhirath Batra: And…
Abhirath Batra: Aha, so it says the pith command is not found. Okay, so we'll just say this to this thing.
Abhirath Batra: what I'm asking Hikit to do here is that pip is basically the,
Abhirath Batra: package manager for Python, and if you recall, we're using Python and FastAPI for our backend, and it needs to install a lot of,
Abhirath Batra: dependencies to work, and I don't want all those dependencies to be installed in my local environment, so Python has the facility to use a virtual environment in which project-specific dependencies can be installed and used.
Abhirath Batra: And so, I have instructed Cloud Code to, fix this error by using,
Abhirath Batra: virtual environments of Python, so that we don't have to deal with all of this.
Abhirath Batra: Now, what it might do is, it might just…
Abhirath Batra: modify this current setup file, and I'm going to tell it not to do that, because I don't want to go through the entering the keys again.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, so it has created a separate install.sh file. Great.
Abhirath Batra: Cool, so let's do that then.
Abhirath Batra: There you go.
Abhirath Batra: It's installing everything Python needs.
Abhirath Batra: So I, I, I want to…
Abhirath Batra: break down the setup.sh here. I already ran setup.sh to give it keys.
Abhirath Batra: I don't want to run that part again, but I do want
Abhirath Batra: Help with the rest of the migration.
Abhirath Batra: Can you break up?
Abhirath Batra: the script.
Abhirath Batra: Break the script up.
Abhirath Batra: So that I don't have to enter keys again.
Abhirath Batra: Let's give it… let's ask for some more convenience.
Abhirath Batra: Oh, so it says it'll already skip it, great.
Abhirath Batra: Cool. Let's see.
Abhirath Batra: Awesome.
Abhirath Batra: It's able to do that.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, here you go. So, now it's telling us how to do the migration itself.
Abhirath Batra: You need to run the SQL migrations on your SuperBase dashboard in the SQL editor.
Abhirath Batra: and run these files in this order. So let's go and do that.
Abhirath Batra: So, we are in the project overview, and we go to the SQL editor.
Abhirath Batra: And we have to copy-paste the migration scripts over here.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see what the path is.
Abhirath Batra: Superbase migrations, okay. So, superbase migrations. So, file number 1, it has named them really well.
Abhirath Batra: Run.
Abhirath Batra: Success, okay? Go for number 2.
Abhirath Batra: Run?
Abhirath Batra: Success? Great.
Abhirath Batra: 3…
Abhirath Batra: The following potential issue has been detected. Query has destructive operation. Make sure you're not accidentally removing something operating, okay? Let's see.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, yeah, we can do it.
Abhirath Batra: There's nothing else… there's nothing to, you know, destroy in our…
Abhirath Batra: database right now. And finally, number 4…
Abhirath Batra: Success. Cool. So this part of migration is done. We can say, have you run the migrations? Yes.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, to start the app, everything is configured and ready to start the app, run .start.sh, this will start the FastAPI backend, and Next.js. Start the app now? Yeah, sure, let's do it.
Abhirath Batra: Okay… We have our first error, so we can just tell this.
Abhirath Batra: We'll just give it the error, and we'll exit from the script. Let's see what it does now.
Abhirath Batra: So, the thing to notice is, now the teams of agents are not operating.
Abhirath Batra: the teams of agents who operated when there were parallel tasks to do. Right now, there are no parallel tasks to do, so the primary cloud code agent is doing the job.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, it says it has fixed the problem, so let's start.sh.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, murderers.
Abhirath Batra: I can't even read this error.
Abhirath Batra: I'll just say there's a large error text.
Abhirath Batra: And paste the error and see what it does.
Abhirath Batra: In the meantime, by the way, I think the backend is going bad, but we can definitely have a look at our…
Abhirath Batra: Front end.
Abhirath Batra: And see how it looks.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see how the team of agents have done.
Abhirath Batra: Oh, look at that.
Abhirath Batra: We have our fronted ready.
Abhirath Batra: And… Looks like… it has fixed the issues.
Abhirath Batra: So let's try that, or we can just do a clean start for the sake of it.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, looks like everything started cleanly.
Abhirath Batra: So, let's just refresh.
Abhirath Batra: Alright, so because I'm a new user, I'm gonna sign up.
Abhirath Batra: And to sign up, I'm just gonna give it my email address.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, it doesn't matter. I'm gonna give it a password.
Abhirath Batra: And create an account.
Abhirath Batra: Cool.
Abhirath Batra: Email not confirmed, okay. So, seemingly, I would have gotten an email from Superbase to validate my account. I'm gonna pause the screen, because I'm opening my email.
Abhirath Batra: Yep, I have the Superbase.org email.
Abhirath Batra: I confirm it.
Abhirath Batra: And… Okay, let's try one more time.
Abhirath Batra: There you go.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: We see some errors here. Let's see if we see them on the front end, then we'll talk.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, and the settings, it is giving us connectors. So…
Abhirath Batra: Now we're going to try and… make the Asana connector work.
Abhirath Batra: Because that's how it's going to be, right? Every user will come and bring their own Asana connector and their own fire crawl connector, right? We do not have a universal connector, we are not going to… we are not basically, selling a wrapper on top of Asana.
Abhirath Batra: But does this look good so far?
Abhirath Batra: Let's see.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, let's just put these back in here so that when it works, we can see it.
Abhirath Batra: And… I don't recall… I think… here it is…
Abhirath Batra: Or no. Okay.
Abhirath Batra: Asana API key, I don't recall where we get it from. So, oh, personal access token?
Abhirath Batra: And we give it on the developer console.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: Unfortunately, you can only see this personal access token once, so I'm gonna have to reset it.
Abhirath Batra: And after resetting it, it lets me copy it, and I'm gonna go to my website and give it that key.
Abhirath Batra: Right? And then the display name is… whatever.
Abhirath Batra: Asana workspace.
Abhirath Batra: Invalid or expired token. Okay, so this is clearly a bug. So…
Abhirath Batra: Here are other bugs that I see.
Abhirath Batra: See, first thing is, it doesn't give me… or direct, A clear option to… Create connectors…
Abhirath Batra: I have to go into Settings, 2…
Abhirath Batra: After giving a fresh token, It says it's invalid.
Abhirath Batra: And expired for Asana.
Abhirath Batra: Let's see.
Abhirath Batra: We'll stop this in a moment. It has to go through this process. So, in the meantime, I'm going to look at the chat, and I'm going to ask…
Abhirath Batra: Are we there, like, are we on the same page about, one, how we have gotten here, and two.
Abhirath Batra: how painful the debugging process can be despite all the magic that the AI has done, because now there's a lot of complexity that is abstracted out for us. Like, I'm an engineer, but I haven't read all of this code, so if I were to figure out what it, what the problem is, I would have to read through everything.
Abhirath Batra: And I can tell you that with the exact same prompt that I have shared with you, and that I used earlier in the day, and I'm using right now, different websites came up.
Abhirath Batra: You remember the,
Abhirath Batra: product that was… that I showed you at the beginning of the class, that was built with the exact same prompt, but something else came out, and now something completely different looking is out here. So, one, acknowledging that there is this variance built into LLMs, and two, because of that,
Abhirath Batra: To build a production-ready system, there's so much more debugging to be done, as opposed to what we did yesterday, which seemed like just a couple of things, hey, can you make it work on the command line, or something like that.
Abhirath Batra: So, are we on the same page with all of what has happened, what are the challenges, and what are the advantages of using this setup?
Abhirath Batra: Okay, I see a lot of yes.
Abhirath Batra: More or less, okay?
Abhirath Batra: Cool, I think we should ask, you know, definitely post the questions on the link that Nitya shared.
Abhirath Batra: So, Nether, do you think you'd agree this debugging process will keep going on, and it's going to be a little long and arduous, so what we can do is, we can do the debugging.
Abhirath Batra: and some questions in parallel, so that, you know, we don't have to sit and wait and look at the agent doing this stuff. Does that make sense? Does everybody feel like that's a good way to go?
Nitya Outskill Team: Yeah, sure, Abhita, no problem.
Abhirath Batra: Yep, alright.
Nitya Outskill Team: Oh, shall I shake?
Abhirath Batra: I will… I will definitely, like, I will share my experience that… It took me about…
Abhirath Batra: One hour worth of debugging after the initial output.
Abhirath Batra: To get it to work perfectly.
Abhirath Batra: like, there were very tiny, tiny things that it had done wrong, even though it had gotten, like, it got 85% of the stuff perfectly right, 10% of the stuff somewhat right, and 5% of the stuff was wrong. And so, we needed, excuse me, a lot of,
Abhirath Batra: More directed debugging, which we'll keep doing, but we'll look at the questions on the side as well.
Abhirath Batra: So, while I'm doing that, you can also share your screen for the questions, Lithia.
Nitya Outskill Team: Hey, Abhirat, can you see my screen? I'm sharing right now.
Abhirath Batra: Mmm, no, I cannot, actually.
Abhirath Batra: Oh, everybody else can see it, is it?
Abhirath Batra: I wonder if my screen is locked for some reason, let me see.
Abhirath Batra: I can see it, yeah, cool. What are your top 3 favorite MCP skills and plugins to use, and for what purpose? Hmm. MCP, for sure, is the Chromium browser, because it allows the agents to do all sorts of things on the web, and the web is probably the most potent interfaces that we have. With websites, you can do all sorts of things, so…
Abhirath Batra: I think that's my, you know.
Abhirath Batra: first choice. The second is, Excalibro, because with Excalibro and Claude, you can ask it to, convert your,
Abhirath Batra: ideas into diagrams, and it makes really nice diagrams. So, for example, the diagrams, in the class reference material have been built using that, Claude Code MCP connection to ExcalitRaw.
Abhirath Batra: And the third would be… let me think… I think, with the terminal.
Abhirath Batra: Claude… sorry, codecs, the ChatGPT codecs has an MCP server with the terminal on the machine, which does a good job.
Abhirath Batra: For skills and plugins, I… my… most of my work is around coding, so the plugin is the compound engineering one. For some reason, I keep forgetting its name.
Abhirath Batra: As far as skills are concerned, I use the Excel skill.
Abhirath Batra: with Claude, which helps me, work with things like finance, so I can ask it to do things like, you know, some calculations on my investments and things like that. So yeah, those are a few of them.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, is there a debug option or code spec? Can we run npm build lint or some simple… Linting is not debugging, linting is just,
Abhirath Batra: A code cleanliness standard.
Abhirath Batra: and a similar command to test the code instead of fixing bugs. So, the thing is,
Abhirath Batra: Either you set to write the tests manually, or the agent writes tests, and we could have probably spun up a separate agent to write tests. Yes, that's something we could have done.
Abhirath Batra: And, the thing is that for web applications, you can do…
Abhirath Batra: Unit testing, so individual functions can be tested, but integration testing tends to happen on a broader level.
Abhirath Batra: And now, one would ask, hey, if the AI can write the code, why can't it not test? Yes, it can, and you can make it do that. But what I've found is that,
Abhirath Batra: it runs the risk of the LLM or the AI thinking that it has gotten things right when it has not. So, it is kind of a better idea to do the testing manually and report bugs.
Abhirath Batra: That is the most robust way of getting it out.
Abhirath Batra: actually possible in multi-agent dev scenario, asking you to… of course, yes, we could have done stage 1, then stage 2, then stage 3. We did a single, pass for the first phase, three phases, because I felt like that's a big enough chunk
Abhirath Batra: To get to the demo,
Abhirath Batra: But yes, the demo that I showed at the beginning of the class was also staged in. It did not have all its features ready. And, I think it's a hidden trial way to learn, for a given project what is the quantum of stage one should give the LLM so that it doesn't give errors.
Abhirath Batra: My experience is, even with smaller features, it does make errors. You need to, you know, unless you just say, hey, write a function to calculate the sum of two numbers, it is bound to make errors.
Abhirath Batra: So, the moment the scope becomes application level, it will make errors.
Abhirath Batra: I understand that we spawn agents in a development to complete an application. How is it different if we want to develop autonomous agents and assistants? Yeah, so,
Abhirath Batra: Think about this. Do you… is… what is the aim here? Is the aim to use
Abhirath Batra: existing platforms to build and run agents, then the answer is different. If the aim is to engineer a set of agents, or whatever autonomous assistants, then using these team of agents, we are engineering a system like that. That's what we are building here, right? And,
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, so that's kind of what it depends on, like, what is the aim, what do we want to do?
Abhirath Batra: I'm not sure if this is a satisfactory enough answer. I can take that at the end in a little more detail, Lonnie.
Abhirath Batra: Can we conduct unbiased testing by asking other LLMs to create test cases? Yes,
Abhirath Batra: For example, Andrej Karpathy has a repository on GitHub, which is called Council of LLMs, and what he has done is that he has just created a system where multiple LLMs talk to each other and debate what is the right answer before giving you a final output.
Abhirath Batra: And I'm sure you can do that for code.
Abhirath Batra: It's just that, it'll consume a **** lot of tokens, and it'll be very pricey. But yes, technically that's possible.
Abhirath Batra: Do you think creating a template of most of the SaaS products can give the options?
Abhirath Batra: and give the options for changing the front end to the customers, do you think this will work?
Abhirath Batra: I don't think I understand the question, but are you saying that,
Abhirath Batra: give the functionality and let the user change the front-end per their desire, is that…
Abhirath Batra: Is that what it's alluding to? That's what I understand. If yes, then…
Abhirath Batra: Maybe, I think that's something people can do, but that may not necessarily be robust, because what happens is that
Abhirath Batra: products, user experience is the most opinionated part. I mean, if you think about the iPhone and what the Steve Jobs did with it, smartphones existed before, right? HTC smartphones with those stylus pens came, and it had the Windows operating system, and it had a start menu on that tiny screen.
Abhirath Batra: So, I don't think users know what they want. I don't think…
Abhirath Batra: users know what kind of design will feel best to them, and being opinionated on the user experience will continue to be the right strategy in most scenarios. Maybe there is a scenario where this works, but I don't think so.
Abhirath Batra: And in case I misunderstood your question, please let me know.
Abhirath Batra: Is production level about scale or full infrastructure maturity? Can AI agents handle it all?
Abhirath Batra: It depends on the application. If you're making… let's say…
Abhirath Batra: An app that just takes notes on phones.
Abhirath Batra: Then, you reach very high scale of users.
Abhirath Batra: But because you're not giving any fancy functionality.
Abhirath Batra: You didn't need to worry about full infra maturity or anything like that.
Abhirath Batra: But if you're running Instagram, where you have to scale images, messages, etc, and two-way communication, generate feeds, etc, then yes, scale, cannot be achieved without maturity. So production level.
Abhirath Batra: Is very dependent on You know,
Abhirath Batra: what that particular scenario is, if it's a private note-taking app on a phone which doesn't connect to the cloud, that's production level. No infrastructure needed.
Abhirath Batra: Right?
Abhirath Batra: So yeah, it is very context-dependent. And yes, AI agents can handle a lot, but they, as we're seeing in this demo, they need a lot of guidance. It's not, necessarily simple.
Abhirath Batra: Can we introduce Langchain, Langgraph in this multi-agent workflow example, define Langchain as part of a technology start… stack at the start? We could do that, I think,
Abhirath Batra: But then, yeah, we could do that. We could use Langchain and Langraph. I'll check with the team if that's part of the plan for the course.
Abhirath Batra: The front-end was built along with other ingredients. How can we use better platforms for front-end designs and integrate them?
Abhirath Batra: By better platforms of front-end design, do you mean any particular AI tool, or just a no-code tool, or something like that?
Abhirath Batra: Lovable. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's perfectly fine. You can use Lovable to generate the front end and, integrate it with this backend. That should… that is perfectly workable. No issues there at all.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, what if I realize now that it would also make sense to have an example cybersecurity brand consistency agent over budget? Wouldn't that now mess up everything? No. This architecture should allow adding different sub-agents very easily. You should be able to add them, with single prompts.
Abhirath Batra: Are there any built-in plugins available when building an MVP, and how do we prepare for production? Yeah, the boilerplate, Claude Code plugins are pretty good.
Abhirath Batra: And, yeah, for production, I feel like this is pretty good, compound engineering.
Abhirath Batra: Can we use any front-end and back-end in Cloud Code apart from Next.js and Python? Oh yeah, we can use anything.
Abhirath Batra: I personally don't use Next.js a lot. I like to use vanilla JavaScript because I like my JavaScript systems to be as simple as possible. I'm not a big fan of Node.js, but that's, you know, what most people use, most startups use. I personally don't like it as much.
Abhirath Batra: But yeah, there is… I mean, you're working with agents, you can write it and see for all that cares. You know, go nuts. There's no… no requirements.
Abhirath Batra: While command engineering does the dev part, do you have a similar… One you recommend for?
Abhirath Batra: product and post-dev. Hmm.
Abhirath Batra: not off the top of my mind. I think I haven't… there is a friend of mine who does a lot of product work, and maybe he might have good suggestions. I will look that up, and I'll share that with you post-class if I can find it, but I haven't done enough, product work, personally.
Abhirath Batra: To know a good plugin.
Abhirath Batra: As a non-technual, this feels a bit overwhelming. What are a few simple steps that we should follow?
Abhirath Batra: Oh…
Abhirath Batra: I think it depends on how much complexity you want to take.
Abhirath Batra: If you want to, just not take any engineering complexity.
Abhirath Batra: Then it's better to just outsource the task to a developer.
Abhirath Batra: That's one way of doing it. If you are comfortable with some complexity, then I would say,
Abhirath Batra: You should start by telling the agent that you're a non-technical person, and just like we saw, right, it created those guides.
Abhirath Batra: For setting everything up. That's not something I need, but I've asked it and it's done that, right? So,
Abhirath Batra: my suggestion would be to ask the LLM to guide you on the technical aspects.
Abhirath Batra: Can we show no to TS?
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, I think it should be able to do that.
Abhirath Batra: How would the process change in a corporate environment where there is an IT team? Today was a lone wolf approach. Yeah,
Abhirath Batra: In the corporate environment, what we usually have is a single repository of code for a big system on which, let's say, an engineering team of 7 engineers works.
Abhirath Batra: there's two senior engineers, one manager, and, four junior engineers, something like that. It's a pyramid structure. And the way we use agents, there is,
Abhirath Batra: a senior engineer will say, oh, there is this bug ticket that has been opened, so I'll just assign that to an agent, and it will generate the code, and then I will review the code, test the code, and modify it if required, and then ship it. So, it basically becomes
Abhirath Batra: a very structured, collaborative thing. You're unlikely to be starting, like, in a corporate environment, you're unlikely to be starting from scratch. Instead, what you're able to do is work on incremental tickets for features and bugs.
Abhirath Batra: as an engineer. That is the corporate setting.
Abhirath Batra: The team of agents, what other resources?
Abhirath Batra: Oh… there's a couple of YouTube videos, maybe, that I can share post-class,
Abhirath Batra: But yeah, it's evolving, so I think practice, there's nothing, nothing that can beat practice, in my view.
Abhirath Batra: Any frameworks to recommend for diagnosing and applying these agents?
Abhirath Batra: the, these agents building skills to business process the engineering automation problems faced by business?
Abhirath Batra: Any framework? Well, I think,
Abhirath Batra: You're asking for a business framework, like, how do we first identify where the business value is, and then apply it, right?
Abhirath Batra: I'm not sure. I think the way we do it right now is there's a lot of conversation to understand what the business is doing, and I think
Abhirath Batra: The first question to ask is, is the problem that we're trying to solve, does it exist on
Abhirath Batra: the information systems, like file systems, or cloud, or CRMs, or this or that. I think that's the first question to ask. And then,
Abhirath Batra: then ask, are there repeatable things that people are doing? I think that's the second question. Is there… are there employees, are there… is it part of your job to do things that… where you just do the exact same thing for multiple times, and you can automate that? That would be a great starting point, I would say.
Abhirath Batra: It would be great if we could have a class on DevOps and AWS in this program,
Abhirath Batra: Nitya, please note, let us know if we should do a class on DevOps.
Nitya Outskill Team: I mean, that is definitely out of the scope of the program, but I mean, if there are a few technical people who are interested, then definitely we can make things work. It's not a concern.
Abhirath Batra: Sure. Can I use PHP and MySQL or Java and MSQL for projects using Closcore? Of course you can. Yes, yes, yes. It's pretty good at doing those things, 100%.
Abhirath Batra: How easy or difficult is it to integrate AWS or any other production-level solutions? With what?
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, it works. This is deployable on AWS. It should be fine.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, I think…
Abhirath Batra: the agent did its job. Now, my suggestion… my question is, like, whoever wants to sit for the debugging, because that's what I'll do till we get the app to work, would, you know, I'd love to have… share my screen and do it.
Abhirath Batra: Cool.
Abhirath Batra: I think somebody's in.
Abhirath Batra: Right, so I think we're, again, at a point where it's asking us to try again.
Abhirath Batra: And I started it up again.
Abhirath Batra: So, it asks me to… Log in…
Abhirath Batra: They're good at it, huh?
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, now the process that we're doing right now, there is no secret sauce to it. You just have to tell it what's going wrong, and it will try and fix it.
Abhirath Batra: Okay. It says it's a stale cache issue.
Abhirath Batra: Let's start again.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, we're in.
Abhirath Batra: Let's configure… Reset.
Abhirath Batra: Copy…
Abhirath Batra: Same shirt. Or was it this… this is the new page? Okay.
Abhirath Batra: CM stuff.
Abhirath Batra: So I think we'll keep a cutoff for 15 minutes.
Abhirath Batra: If this debugging doesn't work in 15 minutes,
Abhirath Batra: And then it might be a little too late for everybody to sit on it. And what I can do is I can share all the errors that I faced to get it to work.
Abhirath Batra: for tomorrow.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, I'm gonna look at the chat in the meantime. Does Cloud Code Hallucinate much? You have… have you used GitHub Copilot, and it gives… Yeah, it can do that. All LLMs are, prone to doing that.
Abhirath Batra: And… Yeah, I mean… There's hundreds of reasons for that to happen.
Abhirath Batra: But, the fundamental way LLMs are built, this is going to happen.
Abhirath Batra: It does hallucinate. What we are seeing is all the attempts around context engineering, this and that, everything is about
Abhirath Batra: Trying to contain the hallucination, but it does happen.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, I think those Claw.md files that we make, all the large, scale files that we give, as much context as we give, that's the reason we used this plugin in the first place.
Abhirath Batra: That's something that helps.
Abhirath Batra: The thing is that these are… what is the overall token consumption by now? It was 60K after planning. Oh, it already had to compact, so the, consumption is definitely a lot.
Abhirath Batra: And this is, a max plan.
Abhirath Batra: So, the consumption is not what's throttling us, but yes, I get your concern. This would have been a problem.
Abhirath Batra: I mean, doing this definitely does not work on the standard plan.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, so it says… It has dumb stuff.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: Let's try.
Abhirath Batra: There you go, much better.
Abhirath Batra: Copy…
Abhirath Batra: This is the project ID, if you're ever using it, on the app.asana.com. After project, this number is just the project ID.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: It's asking for that as well.
Abhirath Batra: Again, this is not the right design, but, you know, we just wanna… See this look.
Abhirath Batra: My car.
Abhirath Batra: I think what you're gonna do is now…
Abhirath Batra: use this.
Abhirath Batra: So now, I am applying my understanding. I think that this 401 unauthorized error is coming due to superbase connection not working correctly.
Abhirath Batra: So now I've given this task to the compound engineering workflow, so that it can apply some more, engineering brains.
Abhirath Batra: So the skills that cloud, Compound Engineering has seems to be doing this. You can see the difference in its approach. It's like, let me trace the full credential flow from end to end.
Abhirath Batra: So it's doing a lot more work. Let's see if this cracks our problem.
Abhirath Batra: Is it good to use anti-gravity when things don't work? Well, because anti-gravity things won't work in its own different way. I don't suspect.
Abhirath Batra: That it'll do any kind of magic.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, I think Nareen is right.
Abhirath Batra: Restarting Claude code can be risky because it'll lose context.
Abhirath Batra: We wanted to have context of what it's done so far.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, you can save context and restart. Can we use init for such things?
Abhirath Batra: Not really, not at this stage.
Abhirath Batra: Saving context and then we… yeah, I mean, it does, compact the context.
Abhirath Batra: You can do it.
Abhirath Batra: But,
Abhirath Batra: I don't think it has worked. I've tried it a few times where I kind of branch the chat out, and I try to see if a shorter context helps, but then what it tends to do is it forgets the tinier nitty-gritties of things that we had figured out in the middle.
Abhirath Batra: So yeah, I mean, I don't… I'm not in the camp of the people who believe that this is going to replace all knowledge workers' jobs because of all of this that we're seeing.
Abhirath Batra: For a very reasonably complicated setup.
Abhirath Batra: it comes up with things, but that last 95-100% gap, it cannot bridge without human intelligence, in my view. Or at least it struggles to so far.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, Darren, we can do that. We can, in fact, Claude allows you to do that with a command, I think.
Abhirath Batra: So, compact is a great way of doing that, and you can… Let me see…
Abhirath Batra: There was a thing.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, maybe I'm remembering it from another agent, but yeah, you should be… so what we do in ChatGPT is that we just ask it to write a summary of what has happened so far, and copy-paste it.
Abhirath Batra: Sylvia, is it necessary to ask Cloud Code to backup its work to GitHub? So, GitHub is not a backup, it is a way of working with code, with a lot of branching.
Abhirath Batra: And, if you have a team of more than one person, you want to use GitHub, otherwise it'll, not work really well. And GitHub also helps you store versions, so it's more than backing up, it's more like,
Abhirath Batra: how you see in Google Docs that you can,
Abhirath Batra: go to an earlier version of the doc, you can do that with the code. So, if you mess up… so, for example, I was working with the Git repository on this code structure,
Abhirath Batra: As you can see, what I'm facing right now is that this particular demo is not really working out right, or at least it's facing errors
Abhirath Batra: After, let's say, after one full day of effort, if this doesn't work.
Abhirath Batra: then the demo that I showed you at the starting of the class, that still exists on Git. I can just switch to that branch and revert to that point. So this experiment does not corrupt what I already have. Whereas on the disk.
Abhirath Batra: You may not be able to do that, right? You will overwrite, or you will have to keep creating folders and manage all of that. Whereas with the git command, in this working folder itself, I can just revert this entire codebase to a different state, which was more favorable.
Abhirath Batra: So, I think, for production-ready code, at least, that kind of engineering, GitHub, or Git overall, is the best way to go. You'll find it very hard to work with code otherwise. If things break a lot, and versioning and committing things really works well.
Abhirath Batra: Is everybody familiar with Git, by the way?
Abhirath Batra: Git and GitHub.
Abhirath Batra: Search and says yes. A lot of people say yes. Awesome. Yeah. So without that version control, things can get hard.
Abhirath Batra: Can GitHub version control help if you restore a previous project? Yeah, you can store GitHub database schemas as part of Git as well. In fact, you can store
Abhirath Batra: possibly your entire infrastructure. There is a tool called Terraform, for example.
Abhirath Batra: which allows you to express your entire infrastructure. And by infrastructure, I mean how many servers you're using, what configuration those servers are, how do they connect to each other in networking, this, that. So if you're running an infrastructure on AWS, you can express it on Terraform, and it'll help you, you know, save all of that infrastructure configuration as part of code.
Abhirath Batra: So, yeah.
Abhirath Batra: Basically,
Abhirath Batra: modern DevOps teams like to keep absolutely everything as part of GitHub repositories, version committed, and nice and clean.
Abhirath Batra: I'll just share the link to Terraform, sure.
Abhirath Batra: Beagle.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, but this is, like, DevOps. It's very much out of the scope of this, course.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, DevOps, I would not wish DevOps on this cohort. It is very hectic.
Abhirath Batra: I've done DevOps for Azure for a few years, and it's pretty brutal.
Abhirath Batra: Infrastructure breaks a lot.
Abhirath Batra: I think this is another problem. In my earlier demo, the supervised GWD secret was never there.
Abhirath Batra: I'll just ask it to work with that.
Abhirath Batra: Lonnie, yeah, so… I mean, the unfortunate thing is that, they've made it excessively complicated.
Abhirath Batra: So, it's not like we can just get a little exposure to AWS Azure, we need to kind of spend 3-4 days on it. It's… that's the problem.
Abhirath Batra: Is JWT the most secured form of authentication? JWT is just an encrypted token, to…
Abhirath Batra: Basically, show that you are authenticated.
Abhirath Batra: it's not the entire authentication itself.
Abhirath Batra: And, there are ways of exploiting JWT tokens as well.
Abhirath Batra: So it's not perfectly secure without very secure implementation of that feature. And that applies to pretty much everything in software. There are no guarantees
Abhirath Batra: by itself. Everything has to be…
Abhirath Batra: implemented in the perfectly correct way, and even then, exploiters find vulnerabilities. So, yeah, that's…
Abhirath Batra: the answer to your question, I guess.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, I think… Now we'll take our shot.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, let's give it a shot.
Abhirath Batra: Okay… Looks like it's reading.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: better.
Abhirath Batra: Now let's try it one more time.
Abhirath Batra: There you go, now we have a better error.
Abhirath Batra: Now, now it should be able to fix it faster.
Abhirath Batra: So, verbal center… I'm trying to save the credentials.
Abhirath Batra: Or assignment.
Abhirath Batra: There you go, it was a superbase configuration error.
Abhirath Batra: And this is what we have to run there. See? Much better. So let's go… True.
Abhirath Batra: SQL editor.
Abhirath Batra: And just paste this, and run this.
Abhirath Batra: It says… something else…
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, I mean, the engineering way of doing this would have been that you should see very precise errors.
Abhirath Batra: And the place to see them is actually here. The server is returning those errors, but we are doing this like we don't know engineering, so we are going to, you know, we're forcing the agent to figure these things out, get us a better error, guide us to fix these things.
Abhirath Batra: So… okay.
Abhirath Batra: So it says, run this and paste the output for me, okay? I can do that.
Abhirath Batra: There you go.
Abhirath Batra: What are you going?
Abhirath Batra: Oh, no.
Abhirath Batra: Content copy is right.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: So it has a big-ass thing to tell us.
Abhirath Batra: That's the error from broker.
Abhirath Batra: But PG story, which body you're entering is not available on the app. Without voice, the simplest ways bypass wallet and story pages directly in the user manual. Okay.
Abhirath Batra: So it has given us some script to run.
Abhirath Batra: And…
Abhirath Batra: Let's do this.
Abhirath Batra: Success.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, and then try saving the Asana connector again. Okay, let's try that.
Abhirath Batra: Success! We have it saved.
Abhirath Batra: Awesome! Finally!
Abhirath Batra: Now, let's try the chart.
Abhirath Batra: One thing I can say is this particular instance is hella slow.
Abhirath Batra: It is… Taking a lot of time to go from one place to another.
Abhirath Batra: New chart.
Abhirath Batra: That's my mom.
Abhirath Batra: Okay, this is seemingly another error.
Abhirath Batra: Chat interface is stuck on.
Abhirath Batra: Reconnecting to server, and the backend gives… this… Editor.
Abhirath Batra: Quick.
Abhirath Batra: Sweep to ensure chat works.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: We'll close this down.
Abhirath Batra: I think we are now close to getting it.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, we are about to finish another cycle before it's going to autocompact. So, yeah, a lot of tokens have been used today.
Abhirath Batra: Okay.
Abhirath Batra: Alright.
Abhirath Batra: Let's just, have a look at the support thing. We again have our four.
Abhirath Batra: Support tickets.
Abhirath Batra: Alright, looks like it did its job. The output doesn't look good, so that's something we can… Probably say…
Abhirath Batra: But… What did it say?
Abhirath Batra: Process 0 of 2 new tickets, status.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, so it did something.
Abhirath Batra: It just took a decision that doesn't make sense.
Abhirath Batra: Fetched for open tickets, status breakdown, assessment failed for customer cannot access course, command failed with exit.
Abhirath Batra: assessment failed for refund request. Okay, so this… now the agent… sub-agent itself is failing, but our product is working. That's the place we are at. So this requires us to now, debug what changes. If you remember, initially, as part of the planning, it refactored the agents, so seems like, as part of that refactoring, it,
Abhirath Batra: Made some changes to the agents that…
Abhirath Batra: are causing some errors out here, because… but you can see that it did talk to Asana successfully.
Abhirath Batra: got it to work. So, in my previous demo that I showed at the starting of the class, this refactoring was not part of the plan. And I was quite surprised that with the exact same prompt, this time, the…
Abhirath Batra: command… sorry, why do I keep forgetting its name? The engineering plugin basically, came up with the idea of refactoring the subagents themselves, and clearly it left some errors out.
Abhirath Batra: So… but this, I think, I don't feel like debugging right now, because overall, the point of this class was to use the agents to get the production-ready system working, and we've gotten to that. So, yeah.
Abhirath Batra: I think we're going to call it…
Abhirath Batra: Call the class over here. But yeah, this is how… I mean, now this thing is deployable to servers.
Abhirath Batra: After fixing those issues with the sub-agents, but yes, assume that you can keep adding sub-agents on the side, keep adding more connectors on the side. This system allows you to, let as many users as you want connect to your app, and we built that with teams of agents. So that has been of the class.
Abhirath Batra: Any closing ideas?
Abhirath Batra: Oh, wait, Sylvia says, so in summary, recap the error issues. So far, we have mainly associated with connectivity to Superbase Asana API keys. Can you explain how more of the debugger associated to connectivity tools, what are usually the most debugging errors? Sylvia,
Abhirath Batra: first of all, the recap is absolutely accurate, but there is no specific category of error that happens more often or not. I think the…
Abhirath Batra: intelligence of the models breaks down at a certain level of complexity, that how much can it keep in its head, and that's when it makes errors here or there, so I don't think it is specific, at least in my experience so far, it has never been specific to a particular category. It just so happens that we saw those errors in the connectivity right now.
Abhirath Batra: Thanks, Raful. Thank you so much. Thanks, Narend.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, compound engineering. I don't know why I keep forgetting about it, I don't know. But yeah, thank you so much for your time, everybody.
Abhirath Batra: Might take, learn at least one coding stack.
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, it'll help to learn coding.
Abhirath Batra: But, thank you for your time, everybody.
Abhirath Batra: It was a really fun class.
Abhirath Batra: Hello, everyone.
Abhirath Batra: Thanks, Olivia. Worker, would you be able to deploy this for your customers using NATM? Most likely not.
Abhirath Batra: Alright, thanks everybody.
Nitya Outskill Team: Yes, thank you, Avira. Thank you so much for staying back and debugging. Some of you really like the fact that you're doing a live debugging session, right?
Abhirath Batra: Yeah, I enjoyed that too.
Nitya Outskill Team: Yeah, thank you so much for that.
Abhirath Batra: Thank you, thank you. Good night.
Nitya Outskill Team: Yes. Now, before all of you drop out, I just want to, ask all of you, there are a lot of your folks who like teaching as well, right? Personally.
Nitya Outskill Team: you might feel that you want to ex… maybe you can explain a particular topic in a better way than the mentors we have, which can absolutely be possible, no doubt with that. So, if you feel you want to take a session or mentor.
Nitya Outskill Team: for the outskill group. Of course, I mean, if you end up, really killing it in the meta session, and the feedback is really good, I'll give you even more sessions, and not just Catalyst Program, various other programs at Outskill.
Nitya Outskill Team: Right? So, if you're interested in mentoring, you can reach out to me, let me know if you have some topic in mind, any kind of help you want from my end to arrange the session, I can do that as well. Right? Because I just want to make sure that all of you are involved, really
Nitya Outskill Team: like, to full extent, before the program ends. We literally just have, like, 6 weeks left, right? So, that's the only reason, yeah.
Nitya Outskill Team: What's your email? Okay, I'll just drop it here, one sec.
Nitya Outskill Team: Varun? Yeah, I think Varun, many of them have told that, you know, you would make a great mentor. I think, some of the people that I'm aware of, Varun, Trafulzhar, Renuka.
Nitya Outskill Team: All of you can be such great mentors. Yes, Rashmi, Mikul, definitely. Sylvia, yourself. You too. You are sure I'm mentioning so many people's name. I think you can be a great mentor.
Nitya Outskill Team: You can be Bharadwaj. Profil, I think you can be better than Bharadwaj, don't worry.
Nitya Outskill Team: Okay, great. I think we've had a long day. I'm not gonna take much of your time. Anything, just reach out to me. Okay, any ideas you have, any sessions, anything?
Nitya Outskill Team: Feel free to reach out to me. Yes. Thank you so much. Hope you all had a great session today.
Nitya Outskill Team: Yes, buh-bye.